I
didn't ask that question. I was just trying to
figure it out. I didn't ask that question. I was
just trying to figure it out. Please,
I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a
question. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask
you a question. I want to ask you a question. I want
to ask you a question. Thank
you. Thank
you. He's
going to join us. We're trying all these things.
Imagine getting in and out of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Is
that soft on the belly for me? You know, they're
trying to pass the time. Like here at the park, they
have to wait for the bus to come. Thank
you. ...
... ... ... ... ... And I
remember, I remember, I was in the family, and I was
34. And I remember, I remember as a child, .
. . . . Thank
you. Thank
you. ...
... ... ... ... ... .
. . . . I
don't know.
It
doesn't have to be different colors. You can have
different colors. You can have different colors.
You can have different colors. You can have
different colors. Thank
you.
We
were talking about the number of times we were able
to see a parent working for them. And a lot of times,
it was a lot more positive. It was a lot more
on-going. It was more, you know, I don't know. But
for us, it kind of went down. It was a hundred years,
right? .
. . . . . . . Thank
you. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank
you.
Thank
you. You
know,
you can't do anything about it. You know, you can't
do anything about it. You know, you can't do
anything about it. You can't do anything about it.
I'm
trying to figure out what the problem is. I'm
trying to figure out what the problem is. So
that kept us in the community,
and we grew our corn, and then we had tickets for the
mail, and then we went to the corn fields. And we
grew up really, really nice. I don't know if you
want me to show it, but we had a farm. We had a big
farm, and we had a lot of expenses, but we didn't
have to do that. And
then there's a picture of it. And you can't really
know where it's going to go. So it was, you know,
something. And I'm the biggest, you know. And
there's a picture of it. And then there's a picture
of it. And that's it. And then there's a picture of
it. And then there's a picture of it. And then
there's a picture of it. Thank
you. Thank
you. .
. . . .
and
it takes a little bit more time. You know,
sometimes it takes a little bit of time to go away,
and I think it's kind of crazy sometimes. You know,
sometimes it takes a little bit more time to go
away, and I think it's kind of crazy sometimes. You
know, sometimes it takes a little bit more time to
go away, and I think it's kind of crazy sometimes.
You know, sometimes it takes a little bit more time
to go away, and I think it's kind of crazy
sometimes. .
. . Amen.
.
. . . . Thank
you.
Thank
you. Then
we know that the person has to be married, and then
we have a building, and then we have a place to live,
and then we have a place to live, and then we have a
place to live. It's
been a long time since we saw each other. It's been a
long time since we saw each other. It's been a long
time since we saw each other. We
want to thank you again for your help. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. The
rest of them have been dead for many years, but I
believe they've passed away. The difference,
they have changed. Now, the surroundings,
they're everywhere. It's a terrible place. And
I never felt that regret in my life. .
. . . . It's
on that same block on the other side. Man.
.
. . . .
. . .
.
. . Thank
you. Thank
you.
Well,
I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. I'm going
to make it. I
don't know. I don't know if they told us that. You
know, it's very interesting. Not too many of them.
Not too many of them. In fact, I don't think there's
a lot. I don't know. I don't know. Thank
you. I
don't know. Thank
you.
.
. . thank
you
.
. . . . . . Thank
you.
.
. . . . . . And
all those girls would be there, and we'd be yelling
and cheering, and all that sort of thing. And
that's what I was trying to do. I didn't know what I
was going to do. I was laying down. I'd chill down,
and I'd sit down. Thank
you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. .
. . .
. . Thank
you. .
. .
.
. . . . . . . Thank
you. And
they came and did that for us. And that was really,
really, really, really, really, really, really,
really, .
. . . . Surround.
Yeah. Yeah.
Thank
you. And
then all the babies are going to be scared, and
they're going to be talking about it to their
parents, and they're going to be like, come
around, and they're going to be like, come around,
and they're going to be like, come around, and
they're going to be like, come around.
Thank
you.